Remove erroneous newline character and add link to ipfs doc (#3)
IntersectMBO/interim-constitution: README.md

# Interim Cardano Constitution

This repository holds a copy of the Interim Cardano Constitution.

> This repository contains a replica of the Interim Constitution document, which is anchored on-chain.

Author: ```suggestion
 This repository contains a copy of the Interim Constitution document, which is anchored on-chain at [ipfs://bafkreifnwj6zpu3ixa4siz2lndqybyc5wnnt3jkwyutci4e2tmbnj3xrdm](ipfs://bafkreifnwj6zpu3ixa4siz2lndqybyc5wnnt3jkwyutci4e2tmbnj3xrdm).
```

> The location that is anchored on-chain is [ipfs://bafkreifnwj6zpu3ixa4siz2lndqybyc5wnnt3jkwyutci4e2tmbnj3xrdm](ipfs://bafkreifnwj6zpu3ixa4siz2lndqybyc5wnnt3jkwyutci4e2tmbnj3xrdm).

Author: ```suggestion
```
